# practice-webdesign-goldsmith
For practice at NTS. <br>
My name is Ivy N. Goldsmith and I am a senior at MHS. Before this year I was homeschooled, but I ran out of curriculum to complete. By the end of the summer after my junior year, I had completed all of my high school credits and a year of college through dual credit and CLEP testing. So, I came to the high school for my senior year since I had nothing left to do. This has allowed me to take interesting courses such as Web Design and Digital Publishing which will help me in my college major of choice. <br>
I am planning to go to Northwest Missouri State University to double-major in Graphic Design and Digital Media. These majors will allow me to follow my dream of becoming an animator and/or illustrator after I graduate. My dream job is either as an art director or a character designer in an animated film. I have always been fascinated by every aspect of animated movies. Everything from 3d modeling to the design choices in the character's clothing have always been intriguing to me, and I cannot wait to try and be a part of the animation process. <br>
I like to say that I am a jack of all trades and master of none. I have had numerous hobbies throughout my life, including drawing, painting, digital art, reading, sewing, knitting, poetry, singing, and songwriting. I also like to write, and my most recent project is a dystopian novel that serves as a criticism of eugenics and nuclear war. The question is whether or not I will finish this book. I have had many ideas for various stories, but when it comes to actually finishing a book I can't seem to do it. I have yet to finish one, but it is my goal to someday complete and publish one of my novels. Regardless of whether I finish them or not, however, I do truly enjoy writing for the fun of it, and it gives me practice for when I do finally decide to write a complete book. 
